[do not merge]server 4.0 docs release branch (#7023)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/operator/usage-data-collection.adoc

---
version:
- Server v4.x
- Server Admin
---
= Usage data collection
:page-layout: classic-docs
:page-liquid:
:page-description: Learn about CircleCI usage data collection for the purpose of improving our product and services.
:icons: font
:toc: macro
:toc-title:

CircleCI typically collects usage data, such as logs and other aggregated data, for the purpose of improving our products and services. We never collect personally identifiable information or information that is specific to your projects or accounts.

[#current-data-collected]
## Current data collected

> Currently, Server 3.0 does not include the data collection service. The service will be included in a future release.

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, Server v4.x does not include the data collection service. The service will be included in a future release.
```
